hey this is mark ID with remax today
we're out in Winter Garden wanted to
show you a new listing that's just going
on the market it's in John's Lake Point
as you can see it's on a cul-de-sac at
the home was built in 2009 features 25
55 square feet 4 bedrooms 3 bathrooms
sits on a beautiful pie-shaped lot so
you've got a really big backyard there
with a nice stone extension with a
little brick wall you'll see later on in
the video the home has lots of upgrades
and designer features as you can see
columns as you enter the home 12 foot
ceilings granite countertops in the
kitchen stainless steel appliances also
has a gas fireplace beautifully
decorated so let's have a good look
around
you can see a beautiful home here in
John's Lake Point the home is priced at
$349,000 for more information or for
private viewing of the home please give
me a call directly at four zero seven
eight three two seven three three two
and you can also email me at mark Hyde
at Remax now also wanted to show you
here the community Clubhouse pool area
and all the amenities that it's here at
John's Lake Point as you can see you've
got a beautiful clubhouse has a workout
room and a beautiful pool area as you
can see in the next little clip we also
have tennis courts and a kids play area
so great facilities here for for the
family for more information again give
me a call directly four zero seven eight
three two seven three three two thanks
again have a great day
you